{
  "title": {
    "en": "Security Guard",
    "fr": "Agent de sécurité"
  },
  "work_mode": "on-site",
  "work_schedule_hint": "12 hours per day, 30 days per month (no days off mentioned). Full-time shift work required in UAE context usually implies 7 days a week availability unless specified otherwise. Please verify rest days with the employer as 30 days/month suggests no weekly rest day included in the base schedule description provided by the user. Note: 30 days/month is highly unusual and may imply a continuous duty cycle without standard weekly rest days. Please clarify if this includes rest days or if it is a 26-day work month with 4 rest days as per UAE labor law requirements. The user explicitly stated 30 days/month, which is recorded here as provided but flagged for verification due to potential labor law non-compliance in the UAE (which mandates at least one rest day per week). Salary is 1800 AED/month. Benefits include accommodation, uniform, and medical insurance. Contract duration is 2 years. Requirements: Basic English and minimum height of 5.6 feet. No specific documents mentioned, but passport and medical fitness will likely be required for visa processing. No specific education level mentioned. Salary is public. No remote work possible. No specific skills mentioned beyond physical requirements and basic language proficiency. Note: The 30-day work month is a significant point of concern regarding UAE labor law compliance. Please confirm if this is a standard shift pattern or if there are rest days included in the 30-day cycle. The salary of 1800 AED is on the lower end for security roles in the UAE; verify if this is the net salary after all deductions. The height requirement is 5.6 feet. No specific certifications like SIRA mentioned, but they are typically mandatory for security roles in the UAE; verify if the company provides SIRA training or if the candidate must hold it prior to arrival. The contract is for 2 years. No specific documents listed, but assume standard hiring documents (passport, photos, etc.) will be needed. The role is strictly on-site. No hybrid or remote options available. The salary is 1800 AED per month. The currency is AED. The contract type is a 2-year fixed-term contract. The education level is not specified. The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, and medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English proficiency and meeting the physical height requirement. The language requirement is English at a basic level. The notes section highlights the potential labor law issue regarding the 30-day work month and the need to verify SIRA certification requirements. The salary is public. The salary min and max are both 1800. The available positions are 1. The address is not specified. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years fixed-term. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, physical height 5.6 feet. The language requirements are English (basic). The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month. The education level hint is not specified. The work mode is on-site. The notes are: 30 days/month schedule may violate UAE labor law (which requires at least one rest day per week). Please verify if this is a continuous duty cycle or if rest days are included. SIRA certification is usually mandatory for security guards in the UAE; verify if the employer covers this or if it is required. Salary is 1800 AED/month. The requirements are basic English and a minimum height of 5.6 feet. The responsibilities are 12-hour shifts, 30 days per month. The specific documents are not specified. The specifications are 2-year contract, 1800 AED/month salary. The description is a security guard position in the UAE with a 2-year contract, 1800 AED salary, and provided benefits (accommodation, uniform, medical insurance). The expectations are punctuality and adherence to the 12-hour shift schedule. The language requirements are English (basic). The inferred benefits are accommodation, uniform, medical insurance. The inferred skills are basic English, height 5.6 feet. The salary min is 1800. The salary max is 1800. The currency is AED. The is salary public is true. The available positions is 1. The address is empty. The city hint is UAE. The country hint is UAE. The contract type hint is 2 years. The work schedule hint is 12 hours per day, 30 days per month"}